update (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF-search-objects-using-complex-criterion: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1744)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# How to search for XAF objects using a complex criterion

> This example creates a pop-up window that allows users to perform custom object search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a pop-up window that allows users to perform a custom object search.
```

![MySearchClass window](my-search-class-window.png)

## Implementation Details

> 1. Create a [non-persistent](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/116516/business-model-design-orm/non-persistent-objects) class with properties that we will be used to search persistent objects.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [non-persistent](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/116516/business-model-design-orm/non-persistent-objects) class with properties used to search persistent objects.  
```

    _File to review: [MySearchClass.cs](CS/EFCore/ComplexSearchEF/ComplexSearchEF.Module/BusinessObjects/MySearchClass.cs)_
    ```cs
    [DomainComponent]
    public class MySearchClass : NonPersistentBaseObject {
        [XafDisplayName("FirstName contains:")]
        public string FirstName { get; set; }
        [XafDisplayName("Age is equal to:")]
        public int Age { get; set; }
        // ...
    }
    ```

> 2. Add a collection of persistent objects that will contain the search results.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a collection of persistent objects that contains the search results.  
```

     _File to review: [MySearchClass.cs](CS/EFCore/ComplexSearchEF/ComplexSearchEF.Module/BusinessObjects/MySearchClass.cs)_
    ```cs
    [DomainComponent]
    public class MySearchClass : NonPersistentBaseObject {
        // ...
        private IList<Contact> _contacts = new List<Contact>();
        [XafDisplayName("Results:")]
        public IList<Contact> Contacts {
            get {
                return _contacts;
            }
        }
    }
    ```

> 3. Add the **MySearch** action that will populate the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the **MySearch** action that populates the collection.
```
